Chapter 1:
 
She awoke with a start, tingling burning flowing down her spine. Feeling a pair of hands crushing her arms, she was dragged along a course surface. Amidst the sensory haze that was her world the grinding of her flesh through the holes in her coverings gave her something to clearly feel. She struggled to focus on the owner of the clutches that held her, then blurred as her spine arced, buzzing white hot. Darkness gave her a brief respite until her skull impacting a hard surface bought her to a world of blinding light. Behind the deafening bells a diminutive voice announced itself, concluding with an upturned tone. Focus now refused to assert itself in either sight or sound, only ghostly apparitions of either taking form. The voice again. The weak mumble of her own voice made itself known, but with no more shape than the other. Pain visited her, the convulsions grinding her arms and legs against flexible yet stiff materials circling her limbs. The voice returned, its melody the same. Her own voice tried to reappear but was substituted by a coarse breaking. The voice sang a different melody, the tone descending. Another bass joined the choir, almost loud enough to break the aural fog. Suddenly everything was clear: the room, the chair, the man in the apron, even why she stole her best friend's tricycle when she was six. Finally able to construct a thought, her first was that it was odd how the floor was turning red.
 
Erin awoke with a start, tingling sweat flowing down her spine. The red glow pulled her eyes to a digital display, the hellfire within torturing her with its stenciled output. Frustrated, she rose out of the bed just as the clock clicked over to conclude with triple zeros. A buzzing noise filled the air as the room brightened. The sudden light blinded her, causing her to trip over her sheets, face-planting onto the carpeted floor. Pulling herself back up she called out, strands of the long black hair that had fallen in front of her face blowing away from her with the melodic sound of her voice.
"Turn off the fucking lights!"
But like a stoic statue of Buddha, the lights didn't give a damn. Resigned to her fate in a well-lit existence, Erin stumbled towards her bathroom on the opposite side of her one room. Three-quarters there, she again found herself face down on the floor, this time sent there by a broom that was paradoxically cluttering up the floor. She briefly considered putting forth the effort to regain her status as a biped, but decided she'd use less energy crawling the remaining fourth.
Reaching the linoleum floor, Erin tossed her torso up onto the edge of the tub. Playing with the tub's knobs, she found an acceptable balance of freezing and burning, then flipped the little switch that activated the shower head. Falling back onto the floor, she reached down and pulled off her pajama top, then tossed it in the general direction of the sink. She again hauled herself up and then over the edge of tub, flopping her limp frame down under the stream of water. She lay there for several minutes, absorbing the energy of the warm water into her tired body and pants. Finally feeling recharged enough, she stood up and grabbed the shampoo from the small shower shelf. Lathering her hair, she tried coaxing her mind into revealing what she had to do today. Unfortunately it was still too early for her and her mind to be able to coordinate the physical activity of washing herself, much less discussing agendas.
The stinging of her eyes reminded her of her mother washing her hair as a child. Erin's mother had a bad habit of bathing her daughter while on the phone. Though the players had changed, the screaming stayed the same. She plunged her face under the water, rinsing the burning feeling from her eyes. After flushing the rest of the vile chemicals from her hair, she turned off the water. Her arm swung out of the shower, finally hitting what passed for a towel on the rack adjacent to the tub. She pulled the soft cloth to herself, then used it to dry her upper half. Draping the towel over her torso like a third of a robe, she stepped out of the bathtub to the sink.
When Erin was young there was a show her parents would sit her in front of that preached the virtues of preserving the environment. Conservation was the biggest method they taught, including not wasting running water. Thanks to such masterfully crafted propaganda, she learned early in her life that protecting the world was in everyone's best interest. Unfortunately they were less effective when it came to teaching her to care. She blasted the sink with all the water that the spout would give her and set about brushing her teeth. As she scrubbed away at her molars, she rested her other hand on the edge of the sink.
A few moments later Erin's hand felt wet, prompting her to look at it. The water running over the edge of the sink didn't really bother her, but she figured it would probably bother the owners of the building, who in turn would bother her. She reached into the sink and pulled out her soaked pajama top, then tossed it at the toilet. She swished her toothbrush around in the sink, cleaning it off, then leaned down and sucked up a mouthful of water. A quick swish later she returned the liquid to the retreating pool.
Satisfied with how clean she was, Erin exited the bathroom. Immediately outside the bathroom door, she swung around to face her dresser. Atop her dresser was a photo of her and her boyfriend Kalo. He was the one motivation in her life, the only reason she had to get up in the morning. When they were together she felt like it didn't matter that she was a direction-less slacker, and she always looked forward to the next time they met. He had even asked her to meet with him this very morning at 9:30. She smiled to herself she checked the time on her mobile on the top of her desk. She grabbed her mobile off her dresser and shoved it into her pants pocket, then threw on a green patterned top that was draped over the foot of her bed. A pair of sandals by the door were abruptly violated by her feet, after which she zipped out the door into the hallway.
After running past several dozen doors Erin arrived at an elevator, the button adjacent to which she smacked with much fervor and frequency. Soon, though not nearly soon enough for her liking, the elevator doors slid open. In one smooth motion she rushed into the elevator, turned around and pushed the 1 button, prompting the doors to shut and the elevator to descend. Erin began pacing, wondering what she was going to tell Kalo. She knew he was used to her chronic tardiness, but when he had asked her to meet him he had stressed that it was important that she be on time just this once.
Once again the doors parted before her, granting Erin access to the small rectangular lobby. She ran across the faux-marble floor, completely missing the wet floor sign in the middle of the room. Three-quarters toward the other end of the room she felt the friction leave her soles, and with it the support her legs provided her with. She was running fast enough enough for her momentum to skid her the rest of the way to the door. The door didn't open thanks to its lock, so all the force left in her frame went into the meeting of her body and the wood. Erin pulled herself up with the door handle, then leaned forward on it. Now unlocked, the door opened easily.
Erin was descending the short staircase connecting the door to the sidewalk when a hand grabbed her right arm. As her momentum swung her around, Erin raised her other arm and balled her hand into a fist, ready to strike out at whoever decided that grabbing her was more important than her getting to her meeting. Her fist swung towards the man that grabbed her, but was deflected by his own arm, then twisted around so that it was beneath his arm, then grasped her right arm with his hand just above her elbow, locking her in place. Erin struggled for a moment before realizing that it was Kalo.
“You know how I feel about boyfriend abuse, Erin.”
“Well maybe if you wouldn't scare me I wouldn't have to pull the whole negative reinforcement thing.”
Erin slipped her arms out of Kalo's now loosened grip and slid forward, wrapping her arms around him.
“I was afraid I was going to miss you because I overslept,” Erin said as she snuggled the side of her face against his chest.
“Did you set you alarm like I asked you to?”
“No, I forgot to.”
“Well it's probably for the best,” Kalo started pushed her away so that they could look at each other's face again, “it sort of helps me explain what I wanted to talk to you about.” Erin noticed that Kalo didn't look nearly as happy as she was, a realization that drained the feeling from her own mood.
“What's wrong Kalo?”
“Nothing's wrong per say, but they're not quite right. Here, sit down”. He sat down on the steps in front of her apartment, pulling her arm so that she sat next to him. Erin's could feel her good mood fleeing like a freshly tazered dog.
“Kalo, you're scaring me. What do you want to talk about?”
Kalo shifted a bit, seeming unsure as to what he was going to say next. Suddenly looking more confident, Kalo blurted out “I'm leaving the planet. I'm joining the colonization push.”
Erin looked down at her feet with a silence that could have made a rock jealous. After a few moments she spoke up, still looking down at her feet.
“Am I going too? Did we sign up and I forgot about it?”
“No, Erin. Just me.”
“So...you're leaving me?”
“Yes. I am.”
“Why?”
“Because you wouldn't come with me.”
Erin snapped her head towards Kalo, showing her eyes beginning to moisten.
“But you never asked me to.”
“That's not what I mean. I know you Erin, if I had suggested it you would never have gone for it. It's not in your nature. Look at you, you didn't even change out of your pajamas before your showered,” Kalo pointed at her pants, which had been leaking water onto the pavement where she was sitting. “You never want to do anything. Leaving the planet for good would have been no different.”
“But why do you want to leave the planet? Why is it so important that it's worth leaving me behind?”
“Leaving the planet isn't itself the reason. I've grown stagnant Erin. Since I was a kid I always wanted to go out and do big things, build great things, explore new places. I even started to after I moved away from my family. But since I started going out with you, I've barely done anything. Going to Neveah not only gives me the freedom to get my life back on track, but also the opportunity to become the man I always wanted to be. I want you to understand though, that my only regret in all this is that it has to hurt you to happen. I'm probably going to carry the guilt of that for the rest of my life.”
Kalo stood up, still holding her hand.
“I don't this to be any worse than it has to Erin, so I'm going to cut it short here. I'm heading to the departure facility right after we finish, so this is going to be it. Goodbye.”
Kalo released her hand, then turned and walked quickly down the street. Erin turned her face back to the ground and looked at it for a few seconds. She stood up from the pavement and started walking, away from the direction that Kalo had walked in. She reached into her pocket and pulled out her mobile, then dialed the number for Alex. After a few rings the phone clicked and a female voice spoke.
“Hey Erin. I though you'd be calling soon.”
“You did?”
“Yeah Kalo was visiting us last night, and he and Jim talked for a long time. Jim told me about what Kalo was planning to do afterwards. Are you alright?”
“I don't know. I feel sorta...nothing. I felt like I was going to start crying while he was talking, but after he left it's like it shut off. It's like why is echoing around in my head.”
“Yeah, I'm sorry hon. It's sorta Jim's fault. Him and Kalo were talking and Kalo started going on about how he was feeling held back and stuff, and Jim told him to he should do something about it. I didn't quite understand the thought processes, men thinking the way they do and all, but somehow Kalo reached the conclusion that he should go out and join a colony.”
“I figured out that part. I just can't figure out why he thought we were holding him back.”
“Did he say that?”
“Well, he said that he wasn't going anywhere in life since he started going out with me. Besides that he's leaving the planet. That sorta implies that he wants all of us out of his life.”
“Now that's not necessarily true. Kalo's always talked about going out on adventures and exploring and stuff. Some people have life goals like that that transcend everything else in their life. Kalo is just a driven person.”
“Now there's something I don't get. His life is so perfect, how could he want to throw that away?”
“Perfect? Now how do you figure that?”
“He's got so many friends, he has a job he enjoyed, no family to nag him, and of course a girlfriend that adored him. It's like my dream life, but with one reversed gender.”
“I think he'd have a different opinion on some of those things. But still, even with that, Kalo has goals that are what he thinks are his purpose in life. To a lot of people a honest-to-god purpose can be more important than anything.”
“I've never had anything like that. Being with Kalo was the closest I got to feeling something was what I should be doing. But now that's gone.'
“Well, maybe you should start searching for another purpose. Something all your own.”
Erin stopped by a bus stop and looked around, then said “I've never actually looked for one. I always figured if I did have a purpose it would just come to me. I figured that was how it worked.”
“Well, maybe it will for you, but you really need to find something. We don't like to see you staying in place like you are. Stagnation isn't good for anyone.”
“Stagnating. That's how Kalo said his life had become. His solution was to leave the planet.”
“Well I don't think it's necessary to go to that length. Plenty of people lead fulfilled leaves right here at home.”
“But maybe it is. Kalo had lofty ideals and he was only relatively still compared to where he wanted to be. My ideals have never been anywhere near lofty, and I'm practically a statue. Relatively speaking, me and him where in the same rut. Maybe I need to do something equally as drastic to get out of mine.”
“Now, don't go doing anything crazy. You shouldn't”
“Sorry Alex. I got to go,” Erin cut her off, putting her hand on an advertisement on the bus stop. Erin turned off her mobile, then took her hand off the large poster of the planet Neveah.
 
“So what kind of technical experience do you have, Miss...” The recruiter looked up from his form, his eyebrow raised, expecting Erin to finish the sentence.
“Sirge. S-I-R-G-E. I'm sorta good at computers. I can turn them on and type a paper.”
“Any mechanical skills?”
“I changed some car parts with my dad a couple times. Mostly air filters and stuff.”
“Good enough. When can you come in for a psychological evaluation?”
“Any time. The sooner the better. Wait, that's enough experience? I thought you'd send me away telling me to get a degree in astrophysics or something.”
“If we did that we'd never get enough immigrants. We expect a basic high school education, and any extra experience is just a plus. We do most of the training during the 3-year trip there.”
“Last I'd heard it was 5 years.”
“Yeah, the tech-heads found a way to run the engines more fuel-efficient, so the higher ups told them to just go faster. The water conservationists thought that they were going to reduce the fuel usage, so they were pretty ticked off.”
“They always are. Probably won't be long before they lobby to ration water for bathing. Anyway, when's the soonest I can do the psych test?”
“We can do it today, but it takes about 6 hours, and you'll need someone to drive you home afterward. Most people like to schedule a day around it.”
“Exactly what kind of psych test is it?”
The recruiter leaned back in his chair, “I can't tell you, it can affect the results.”
Erin pulled out her mobile and sent “Plz pck up @ rcrtmnt ctr @ 21” to Alex. Erin felt confident that Alex would come for her.
“Okay I've got a ride. Let's get this done.”
The recruiter turned to his computer and sent out a message, then turned back to Erin.
“The evaluator will be ready for you in a few minutes,” he raised his arm, pointing towards a row of chairs across the room from his desk,  “you can sit down over there till then.”
“Thanks much” said Erin before following his recommendation.
Erin looked around at all the recruitment posters for the various planets. Neveah was fortunately the most habitable of the selection, although that wasn't saying much. One of the posters showed a gas giant with a large red arrow with “Go here!” pointing at a supposed mining station in the atmosphere. Another showed a colony that was on a planet dangerously close to a star that had the peculiarity of always having the same side pointing at the star. An enormous shield in geosynchronous orbit was the only thing that was preventing the colony from becoming another molten part of the landscape. On the underside of the shield was a light-up sun, presumably switched on and off to simulate day and night patterns.
“We're ready for you, Miss,” said a woman wearing a white waist-length lab coat that had approached Erin while she was thinking about the posters.
“Okay. Hey that planet,” Erin said as she pointed at the planet with the heat shield. “Is it true that some of the immigrants got onto the shield and painted a happy face on the sun?”
“I'm so sick of people asking me that. It's not like I've been there.” The woman composed herself, then continued, “the official word is that there is no way any immigrants could have made their way onto the shield. So, let's go on back and get started. I'm Kay.”
Erin followed the Kay through a door next to the recruiter's desk. The recruiter flashed Erin a brief smile before she disappeared behind the door. The area behind the door was actually just a single room not even half the size of the waiting area. In the center of the room was a recliner and a sofa, both facing each other.
Erin turned to the Kay and asked “Do I get to sit on the sofa?”
“Absolutely.”
Erin ran and jumped face down onto the couch, which turned out to be surprisingly soft. She rolled onto her back, and watched as Kay rolled a cart over from the cornet of the room by the door. Kay stood by the couch, and started working with the equipment.
“Could you lie flat on your back?”
“Uh, sure” said Erin, complying with the Kay's request.
Kay took a small bottle from the cart an retrieved a pill from it.
“Please take this. It will put you to sleep.”
“What, do you scan my brain while I'm out for the psych test?”
“I can't tell you that. It can affect the results of the test.”
“Then why did you tell me the pill would knock me out?”
“Because we're legally obliged to inform you of the effects of any drugs we give you.”
“But won't that affect the the results of the test?”
“Probably.”
Erin glared at Kay for a second, then replied. “Fine. Whatever.” Erin leaned up and took the pill, then swallowed it with a glass of water that Kay subsequently handed to her. She almost immediately felt woozy and fell back onto her back. Kay grabbed the glass, but not before it had spilled its content onto the floor. Erin's vision blurred to black, consciousness abandoning her.
 
Erin awoke in a fairly stiff bunk to a cool gray ceiling. Sitting up, she looked around at the two rows of a dozen or so beds lining the windowless room. Erin tried to turn out of the bed, but two leather straps where around her feet. Erin easily slid her feet out of them and stood up, then walked around to the foot of the bed. There she found a footlocker with SIRGE printed on it. After unsuccessfully attempting to open the footlocker, Erin started walking towards the door between the rows of beds at the far end of the room. She looked at the beds as she walked by; no one was in them and they were all made. Outside the door was a hallway, the walls painted with three broad lines of different primary colors. The lines had triangles on them, most of them pointing in the same directions along the lines with a few going in the other direction.
Erin turned left, following most of the arrows. As she walked down the hallway, she passed several more doorways, inside more bunks. Somewhere in the distance she could hear a rumbling, but so quiet it could almost be called a humming. A hundred or so meters along the lines became large words, although retaining their color. In red was written “COMMONS”, in blue “LIFT” and in yellow “DORMS”. The yellow line's arrows pointed back in the direction she had come from, while the other pointed down where she was already headed. Erin touched the yellow word then started walking down the hallway, her finger sliding along the line.
After a dozen more, the doorways stopped, leaving only the gray walls with the lines. Erin had been walking for a few minutes when the hallway started widening. The hallway opened up into the larger room at the end, the halls ceiling and walls curving away to merge with the wall of the room. The room was filled with rows of tables with parallel benches. Erin looked up to the ceiling, which was actually an arch that started with the wall to her left and curved overhead to meet perpendicular with the opposing wall. The ceiling had a series of parallel depressions, each 10 meters wide and stretching across the whole of the ceiling arch. Erin looked at the lines coming out of the hallway. The red commons line had ended at the entrance, but the blue lift line continued into the room. The line continued to her right and went halfway around the room, ending at a tube that went up through the ceiling and down through the floor. Leaving the safety of the line, Erin set out across the room towards the marked lift.
As Erin reached the center of the room, a loud voice yelled at her “Stop right there!” Erin spun around, trying to find the source.
“Who's there?” Erin demanded of the room. “Where am I?”
Above Erin's head a whirring noise picked up, attracting her attention. Erin looked up to see the depressions form cracks vertically along their center. The cracks widened, revealing the windows underneath. Through the windows came a blinding light, making Erin look away to protect here eyes. As the windows finished opening the light began to flicker, then finally fade to a more viewable level. Erin looked back up and out the window, then fell beck down on to a fortunately adjacent bench. Out through the windows was a massive yellow star, surrounded by glowing glowing blue gas. Throughout the blue cloud streams of red flowed in a lattice, meeting together at dark points. A shoot of bright orange gas came up in an arch from the star's surface straight toward the windows. Erin thought briefly about hiding under a table, but realized the futility of such an act. About a hundred meters from the window the gas shoot dissipated, spreading out over an invisible surface. Feeling a bit safer, Erin turned her attention back to the voice.
“Are you still there?” Erin yelled out.
The voice came back “Return to your dorm.”
“But where am I?
“Return to your dorm.”
“NO!”
After a few moments of silence the voice responded to her ultimatum.
“Then you will be jettisoned.”
Erin felt a chill run down her spine as the window farthest from the door returned to full brightness. A moment later she could hear a hissing noise from the direction of the window. The hissing quickly started growing to a roaring, helping Erin decide to return to the dorms as quickly as possible.
Erin ran towards the hallway as best she could with the tables in the way. Behind her she could hear metal scraping on metal as she started to feel the air blowing against her skin. Erin reached the hallway entrance and continued running down the hall. As she started passing the first of the dorm rooms, the roaring behind her started to subside. Erin slowed to a walk and looked back over her shoulder. The room was bathed in white, but she didn't feel or hear any more rushing air. Not wanting to tempt fate, she continued away from the light.
Entering what she assumed was her dorm room, Erin saw that the foot locker by her bed had been opened. She hurriedly walked over and looked down into it. Erin knelt down by the locker and reached down inside it, but before she touched anything a hand grabbed her arm and twisted it around behind her back. Another hand grabbed her neck and together they pivoted her away from the locker. A knee introduced itself to her back, causing her front to meet with the ground. The hands and knee released Erin, and she tried lifting herself up with her arms. A metal spike jammed between Erin's ribs and her body lifted itself doubling over, arcs lighting the space between her and the ground. Erin wanted to scream like it was the only thing that could save her life, but none of her muscles where willing to work with her on it.
After the longest couple of seconds Erin had ever experienced, her body collapsed onto the ground. She tried to get up but the best she could do was slide her right arm a little forward along the ground. Erin was surprised to find that her nose was the clearest it had ever been, making the smell of burning meat very noticeable. The foot of the knee she had met earlier smacked into her side, rolling her over onto her back. Erin's vision had blurred slightly, but was still clear enough to see a small amount of black smoke coming from her stomach. A small whimper finally came from Erin's throat, and she started wiggling away from the dark-suited figure that was standing above her holding a stick. Erin tried to say “Why?” but ended up barely mouthing the word with a small accompanying tear falling down her cheek. The figure instantly walked over her and slammed a foot down onto her chest. In one motion the figure removed it's foot from her and stabbed it's stick against Erin's throat.
 
“How long was I out?” asked Erin, stretching her arms.
“A couple of hours. It's nine seventeen.” replied Kay.
“My ride should be here.” Erin peeled the sticky pads from her forehead, then tried standing up. Her legs didn't second the motion and promptly deposited her back on the couch.
Kay chuckled at the sight of Erin collapsing. “That's why you were told to arrange a ride home. The tranquilizers need to put you into a deep sleep for the alpha-wave emitter to be effective, so even afterwards your body's going to be a bit sluggish.”
“That explains why main brain feels like it's trying to crawl it's way out of a tar pit.” Erin regained her composure, sitting up on the couch and focusing on the doctor. “Did the test go good?”
“These tests don't go good or bad, they just go or don't go. Yours went, which I suppose can be seen as good. As for what we learn from it, the data will have to be analyzed before we reach any conclusions.”
“Now that it's done with, can you tell me how it works?”
“Sure. I'm generalizing a bit, but your dreams are used to analyze how you react without your higher brain functions. This allows us to get a somewhat of an idea how you would react in the event of a traumatic incident, which has a fairly high probability of occurring off-world.”
“That was pretty traumatizing. Some might interpret parts of this test as a kind of abuse.”
“Some might, but no one really gets hurt, so we're fairly confident we could defend ourself if anyone decided to get serious about it. Few people even remember the in-dream experience for long though. That's only one aspect of the test though. We also make an image of your brain's wiring to help us figure out what kind of mental skills you brain has already accustomed itself to.”
“My brain is accustomed to mental tasks?”
“The brain is a lot like a muscle in many ways. The more you use it for a task, the better it becomes at it. That's why they made you do so many extra math problems in school, so your brain would get a math workout and wire itself to better solve math problems. This logic also carries over to most tasks. We'll use the image of your brain and run simulations on it, comparing it to brain images of people who are experts in specific fields, and see where they line up.”
“So the brain scan is to help figure out my job on the colony?”
“That and to make sure you're not mentally unstable.” Kay packed away the equipment on the cart and rolled it back over to it' starting place.
“So am I crazy?”
“Like I said most of the results won't come in until we analyze the data, but for the most part you seem stable.”
“For the most part?” Erin took on a quizzical expression.
“Well right now most of your instability is in your legs, but there were one or two things in the dream I'm sure the analysts are going to flag. Like those stirrups in the bed.”
“The whole dream's mostly fuzzy right now, I don't really remember. They mean I'm crazy?”
“Not as such, but they aren't part of the dream we loaded into you. That means they originated from your brain, which automatically means they're something we check into. Dream imagery always has many interpretations, there are so many things that can change something from being a spork to being repressed hatred of vegetables.”  Kay crouched down and put Erin's left arm over her back, then stood up, hauling Erin to her feet.
“What do you think the stirrups mean?” asked Erin as she and Kay walked towards the door.
“Well I think that it depends on what meaning you attach to stirrups.”
“I don't actually know what a stirrup is.”
“It's like a harness for your feet. They're on horse saddles for you to put your feet into. Makes it easier to stay on the saddle while riding the horse. So, stirrups on a bed, riding on a bed...” Kay paused for a moment, then continued, “Well I'm sure it could actually mean anything. Regardless, that isn't even the thing I would be most worried about. ” They reached the door, and Kay extended her right arm to push it open. Sitting in the waiting room was Alex, who immediately got up after seeing Erin.
“Are you okay, Erin?” gasped Alex, seeing Erin held up by Kay.
“I'm fine,” replied Erin, “they gave me some tranquilizers so they could...”
Erin was stopped mid-sentence by Kay's hand on her mouth. Kay shook her head, then turned hers and Erin's heads towards a young man sitting further down the row of seats.
“No messing with my test results, Erin,” Kay stated while giving her a small smile, then released her mouth.
Kay carefully transferred Erin onto Alex, then waived goodbye. Erin and Alex started walking away and Kay turned back to her little room to prepare for the next analysis. Almost to the door, Erin put her hand onto Alex's chest, signaling her to stop. “Turn us around.” Alex did so, then Erin called out to Kay. Kay stopped and half-turned her torso so that she could see Erin.
“You said the stirrups weren't what concerned you most. What did?”
“That should be obvious. The guy that electrocuted the shit out of you.”
 
Alex kept her eyes forward, concentrating on the road. A billion questions where buzzing all around her head, but Erin didn't seem to be in any condition for an interrogation. The doctor had given Erin a printout of a man that Alex only understood as being from a dream that Erin had. She didn't quite understand what that had to do with joining the colonization effort. Erin was still groggily looking at the picture, looking as deep in thought as she could considering she was still pretty full of tranquilizers. Finally Alex could take it no longer.
“So?” she quietly uttered.
“So what?”
“So what happened?”
“I...don't know.” Erin lifted her head from the printout and looked out the window. Flashes of people flew by her, too many too fast for her to fully appreciate any.
Alex pulled to a stop at a light and turned her head to Erin, her lips pursed.
“Who's the guy in the picture?”
Erin kept looking out the window, responding “I don't know.”
“Come on Erin, give me something.”
Erin stared at a group of people waiting to cross the street, and answered “They gave me a test by forcing me to dream. He was in the dream. He electrocuted me. I think he killed me.”
“That's a pretty brutal test.”
“Kay said the he wasn't part of the test. She said that I made him.”
Alex turned forward again as the light switched to go and continued driving.
Erin continued “I think he was in my dream last night too.”
“What do you mean?'
“I had a dream last night where I was being dragged around and hurt. It wasn't anywhere near clear enough to tell what was going on, but the pain felt similar.”
“Have you had this dream before?”
“A few times. I usually don't remember much from my dreams, so it's hard to tell if they were all exactly the same. All I really remember is it's a very unpleasant experience each time. The test's dream is by far the clearest one I've had in a long time, and I think it's digging up the memories of other dreams. I never even made a connection between the dreams before.”
“Do you think it means anything?”
“I don't know.”
 