“Miss Madaas?” 
Adalyn, wearing a one-piece grey jump suit bearing a blue logo of a ringed planet, sat on the floor reading a book, what little there was of her dark red hair pinned away from her face. At the question she looked up from her book to see a tall man in a uniform addressing her.
“Yes, that's me. Who are you?” Adalyn clambered to her feet.
“I'm Luke Zari, first officer of the Megaptera. I'm going to be riding up with you in your pod.” He gestured towards the tunnel next to where Adalyn had been sitting.
Adalyn suddenly felt very nervous, and quickly flipped to an earlier part of her book. Finding what she sought, she turned the book towards the crew-cut gentlemen. “The colonization manual says whoever rides up in the pod with me is going to be my roommate for the trip, and probably my roommate on the planet. Does this mean...”
“No, No. We're not going to be living together miss. I'm just catching a ride with you and your actual roommate. There were some complications that I had to see to personally here planetside, and it's just more convenient for everyone.”
Adalyn felt considerably less nervous at the news, but was still rather on edge about riding up with the first officer. “Is that why we're leaving from an empty terminal?” Adalyn motioned towards the rows of empty chairs in the room, and the walkways that were not living up to their names.
“Sort of. Dealing with my complication is easier when no one's around.”
Adalyn pivoted her upper body and grabbed her backpack off the ground. Swinging it onto her shoulder, she asked of Luke “So, are we going to get going, sir?”
Luke smiled a bit. “Yes we are, but these are going to need to go in the luggage compartment.” Luke reached around to Adalyn's back and removed her backpack. “The ride up to the Megaptera isn't that long, there is no need for carry-ons. Beyond that, there shouldn't be anything unnecessary in the pod's cabin that could go flying and kill someone, so I will put these...” Luke held out his hand towards her book. “...away for you.”
Adalyn sheepishly handed the book to Luke. “I'm sorry, sir.”
“Don't worry about it.” The sound of footsteps took Luke's attention away from the embarrassed young woman and towards the walkway leading to the center of the departure center. A group of three men in uniforms and one shorter woman in the middle wearing handcuffs were walking toward the two. The woman wore a jump suit just like Adalyn's, save a noticeable burn on the right leg.
Confused, Adalyn inquired “What's going on?”
Luke turned back to her. “I'm going to be honest with you Adalyn, otherwise would just be insulting. The complication is your roommate.” 
Adalyn started to ask a very confused “what?”, but Luke continued, cutting her off. “Your roommate changed her mind about going to Nineveh, and apparently we couldn't allow that.” 
Adalyn quietly finished her “what” to herself as the group reached them by the boarding tunnel. Adalyn noticed a blue bracelet on the woman's right wrist clanking against the handcuffs as Luke positioned himself so the women were in front and to each side of him. He gestured to each woman in turn. “Adalyn Madaas, this is your roommate, Erin Sirge.”
Adalyn extended her hand cautiously towards Erin, forcing a small smile. “Nice to meet you, Erin.”
“Likewise.” Erin made no effort to hide her dissatisfaction.
Luke broke the ensuing silence. “Well, let's get on board! Gentlemen, secure Miss Sirge.”
The men took Erin by the arm and walked her into the boarding tunnel, then Adalyn turned to Luke. “I didn't sign on to babysit troubled emigrants!” she exclaimed while gesturing toward the tunnel.
“Technically you did, but let's not go down that path. Most people who give us trouble settle down once we're on the ship. Just give her a chance for a few weeks, and if you find that you don't get along you can put in a request to exchange roommates. I'll be sure to give any requests from you a priority.”
From down the tunnel one of the young men yelled out, followed by the sound of running feet. Luke looked down the tunnel and saw Erin, handcuffs still attached to one arm, running toward them, a slight limp in her right leg slowing her down only moderately. Luke grabbed Adalyn and moved to the side of the tunnel's mouth, then handed Adalyn her backpack. Grasping Adalyn's manual with both hands, Luke swung it just as Erin emerged from the tunnel, hitting the front of the book firmly on her face. Erin fell back onto the men pursuing her, blood already flowing from her nose. The men grabbed her and looked toward Luke.
“Take her back and strap her into her bed.” Luke turned toward Adalyn and took the backpack from her again. “Please get into your bed, Miss Madaas. We'll be launching in a few minutes.”
Adalyn, left speechless by the abrupt display of violence, just turned and walked down the tunnel. Arriving at the end she saw two of the men strapping Erin to her bed with a built-in restraint harness. Adalyn quickly took in the whole of the pod; the room was a cube with rounded corners, hers and Erin's bunk beds being embedded in the far wall. There were no other furnishings in the pod, save the light bar that ran around the ceiling along the corners. Adalyn approached the men but stepped back quickly when one of them moved away from Erin's face, revealing a rag over her nose completely soaked in blood.
“Holy shit!” Adalyn covered her mouth with her hands.
Hearing Adalyn's outburst, one of the men walked over and offered to help her into her restraints. Adalyn followed his guiding and climbed into the bunk above Erin. The man explained the restraints to her, then helped her secure herself. The three men walked over by the tunnel and briefly talked to each other quietly, then together they left through the tunnel. Adalyn lay there quietly, not sure if she should try to talk to Erin. The question was answered moments later when Adalyn heard crying from beneath her.
“Erin, are you okay?” Adalyn ineffectively tried to roll over to look down at Erin.
Erin responded with a heavily distorted “I'm fine” that was no more convincing than a candy bowl full of glass. Adalyn fumbled with her chest restraint, managing to undo the clasp. She slipped one arm free and successfully leaned over enough to look down at Erin. There was dried blood on Erin's face from her nose down, and some on her shirt, but it looked like the flow had ceased. It was difficult to tell with the blood covering it, but Erin's nose looked distorted, tilted just a bit to the right. Adalyn gasped and began undoing the lower part of her restraints, but her hands were pulled away by Luke's grasp.
“We're launching in a minute. Re-secure yourself.”
“You broke her nose! We need to get her to a doctor!” Adalyn pointed down.
Luke pushed Adalyn flat onto her bed and began re-doing her restraints. “She'll be fine. We'll take care of it once we're aboard. I've already messaged ahead to the doctor up there to be ready.”
“What about the force from going up?”
“The doctor assures me she'll survive the trip, now buckle up.”
Adalyn redid the clasp over her chest and turned her head to face up away from Luke. “I'm going to file a complaint once we're up. You should've handled that better. It isn't right.”
“I'm not going to debate my actions with you. If you want to complain, that's your prerogative.” Luke walked over to a flight seat he had carried in with him and pushed a few buttons on the back. The chair moved down by a millimeter, securing itself to the floor. Luke grabbed the handle on the door and swung it shut, sealing it shut with a double-ended lever in the center of the door. Luke sat in the chair and secured himself with the attached restraints, then pulled his mobile from its hip holster. He tapped it a few times and told an unseen recipient that they were ready, then returned the mobile to its holster. A few seconds later the pod shook as it started to move. Erin didn't sound like she was crying anymore, but Adalyn was sure that she had just stopped making noise when Luke had appeared. A loudspeaker somewhere outside the pod announced "The linear accelerator will fire in ten...nine...eight..." At the end of the countdown, Adalyn felt a little heavier as the pod started accelerating. It was only slight at first, but built fast. It wasn't long until Adalyn felt like she had lived her entire life sustained only by snack cakes. By then Erin had started crying out again, the pressure of takeoff amplifying the pain on her face. Adalyn felt terrible as she did her best to tune out the sobs, trying to concentrate on retaining her consciousness. She failed.
 
Luke unfastened himself from the seat and looked over at the women. Adalyn hadn't made a peep all the way up, but Erin had screamed right up until she blacked out. The mobile on his belt chirped, indicating an incoming signal. Luke pushed the respond button on the screen which faded out as the face of a uniformed woman with long brown hair tied into a braid appeared.
“We've arrived, Captain.” Luke said as he stretched his arms.
“Is the young woman safe and secure?”
“Secure at least. Is the doctor on her way down?”
“I messaged her as soon as your pod was brought aboard. She's already at the station the pod is headed for.”
“How long until we get there?”
“About forty seconds.”
“Alright. I'll be up to the bridge after I'm done with the doctor.”
“See you then, Luke.”
The screen flashed a red X then faded to black as Luke reinserted the mobile into its holster. Luke pushed himself up from his seat and used his feet to propel himself across the room towards the bunks. He arrived at the level of Adalyn's bunk and used the handle on the bunk edge to lower himself to Erin's bunk. Her nose had started and stopped bleeding again from the force, all the blood going straight down her cheeks and into her hair. Luke grabbed the edge of the bunk for support as the pod stopped. He oriented himself upright and turned himself toward the door before it swung open, pushed by a woman in a lab coat. The woman took one look at Erin, then pushed her legs against the door jamb to quickly send herself across the room.
“What the fuck did you do to her?”
Luke was taken aback at her aggressiveness. “I'm sorry Doctor Kay. I felt it was necessary.”
Kay started gently wiping Erin's face off with a wet-nap she pulled from the bag she had slung over her shoulder. “Well, it's a good thing that what you feel you should do takes precedence over what I tell you to do. Oh, wait that's right, IT FUCKING DOESN'T! I told you not to hurt her!” Kay pulled her mobile from her coat's breast pocket and tapped the screen a few times.
“I know, doctor. She escaped us while we were waiting for her to change clothes at her apartment. We chased her through the building but caught her before she got out.”
“And then you broke her face?”
“No, after we had arrived at the pod she tried to escape again and broke free from my men. I hit her in the face with a book as she ran past me.”
Kay used her arms to pull herself parallel to Luke and used her hands to illustrate that she didn't even reach his shoulders. “She's even smaller than me. Surely you could've just grabbed her.” 
“I..." Luke began to respond, then closed his mouth. Behind Kay's eyes dwelled a desire to drive one of the pens in her breast pocket through his temple. Luke turned his head away from her. Kay backed off and turned her attention back to Erin. Kay glanced around Erin's body and noticed the burnt cloth on her leg. She pointed at it and shot an accusative look at Luke.
“That wasn't me. One of my men was a bit aggressive when we caught her. He's already been reprimanded.”
“Something that doesn't mean much once his superior breaks the same woman's face.” 
“I did what I thought was necessary to subdue her.”
Kay started undoing Erin's restraints. “Well, you definitely did that. For all we know you might have subdued her for life. Exactly why did you think it was okay to subject this woman to takeoff G-forces with a broken nose?”
“I didn't think...”
“Damn right, you didn't. It's not like a piece of cartilage or bone can work its way to her brain. Even if it could, what's a little brain damage?”
“Doctor Kay, please.”
Kay paused for a second then continued cleaning Erin's face. Kay worked in silence for several minutes before there was a voice from the door. "Kay, which one?" 
Kay and Luke both looked to see a 30-something blonde woman in a blue medical uniform coming through the door pushing a gurney. Kay pointed to Erin.
"The lower bunk, Carol."
When the gurney came within reach Kay grabbed it with her left hand, her right hand still on the bed's handle. Kay moved the gurney down until it was level with Erin's bed, then Kay and Carol carefully moved Erin onto the gurney. Kay strapped Erin to the gurney, then Carol pushed it out of the room.
Kay grabbed the handle on the top bunk's edge and placed her right foot on the side of the bottom bunk. She looked at Luke sternly and raised her finger at him, then pushed herself to and out the door. Luke gritted his teeth and swung his arm against the wall, sending himself across the room. When he reached the door he grabbed the edge and looked back at the bunk. Adalyn had sat up in her bed. “You okay, sir?”
Luke pulled himself into the corridor outside the room, then looked back inside. “You should stay in bed. We're probably going to leave soon and the transition from zero-g is easier if you're lying down. I'm sure we will see each other around the ship.” After Luke disappeared down the corridor, Adalyn lay back on the bed and let out a heavy sigh. 
 
Luke climbed up onto the bridge and looked at each of the eight stations facing the center of the round room until he spotted the navigation officer. “Where's the captain?”
The officer at the navigation station pointed at a door across the bridge from him, but to Luke's right and replied “She's in her office, sir.”
Luke quickly moved to the door, then knocked on its metal surface. Inside the room he heard a woman say “Come in, Luke.”
Luke grabbed the handle next to the door and pushed the door open. Inside Samantha was sitting behind her desk, upon which several mobiles were scattered about. Luke floated over and pulled himself down into a chair facing Samantha's desk. While looking over the desk, Luke spotted something on one of the mobiles. Curious, Luke inquired about it.
"Your last name is Kaeyone now?"
Samantha nodded, tossing the mobile she was holding down onto the desk. An edge of the mobile caught the desk first, the edge sticking. The rest of the mobile rotated around the edge until it was flat on the desk. Luke continued his inquiry.
"What happened?"
"Jordan...died, about a year ago. Remember when those conservationists tried to sabotage the engines on that colony ship?"
Luke's eyes went wide. "Shit, Jordan was on there?"
Samantha nodded. "Jordan was actually helping them. I changed my name back after I learned about it."
"I'm so sorry, Sam; I had no idea."
Samantha shook her head. "That's not my life anymore. I'm not going to dwell on it."
"Still, I..."
Samantha raised her hand, stopping Luke. “We're moving on. I've spoken to the men who helped you bring in Sirge. Doctor Kay has also filed a complaint.”
Luke nodded his head. “She certainly bitches efficiently.”
“I see. Is that why you told her it was one of your men who tazered Sirge?”
“She was very angry with me, I didn't want to make it worse."
“This could get a lot worse, Luke. She has a lot of pull in the right places. If she decides to complain to the right person instead of me...”  
"No, she barks and I fetch her runaway, and then she chews me out for how I go about it?"
Samantha sighed then pushed herself up out of the chair and over Luke.  
“Just keep yourself in check, Luke.” She landed just above the open door and swung herself down and through head first. Holding on to the top of the door frame, Samantha spun herself around to face Luke again.
"The Defense Force's loss was our gain, Luke. Don't make everyone lose."
Samantha pulled herself up then used the handles on the ceiling to pull herself to the center of the bridge. At the center, Samantha pushed herself down to a chair in the middle of the floor. Hovering above the chair, she turned to her left to face the navigation station. “Show me the ship, Karim.”
The officer nodded and ran his hands over the screens embedded in his console. A circle area in the center of the ceiling started glowing a soft blue, followed by tiny blue dots of light descending from the circle. The dots came down quickly and coalesced to form the shape of the Megaptera. A dome-tipped rod sheathed by seven parallel rings with a large conical shield at the rear, the ship was displayed in orbit around a sphere. “Zoom me out.”
The dots reorganized to show the surrounding four planets of the system, the ship now too small to see.
“More”
The dots shifted again to show the whole planetary system, 8 major planets in total.
“Show our departure.”
A line of new dots descended, stopping to form a line from the third planet down to a point shortly beneath the system.
“Surrounding traffic?”
Several clusters of dots descended to various locations around the path, then formed into spheres with text boxes next to them. The navigation officer looked up from his console. “Nothing directly in our path, ma'am.”
“Alright then. Put me on ship-wide.”
Samantha pulled herself into a seated position in the chair and buckled herself down as the communications officer to her left performed her task. “You're on, ma'am.”
Samantha cleared her throat. “Good morning, crew and passengers of the Megaptera. It is now ten-oh-one A.M. and this is your Captain. We are prepping for departure, so I would like to remind everyone to secure yourself and all loose objects for the transition to gravity. For the next few days we'll stay at 1G, then begin accelerating to cruising speed. An alarm will sound thirty seconds before the engines fire up, but please be ready before.”
Samantha swung her hand in front of her throat. The communications officer nodded and pushed a few controls. “You're off.”
“Very good. Begin engine startup.”
 
Kay and Carol lowered the gurney down onto one of the stations along the curved wall of the arcing medical bay. Kay began attaching the station's latches to the gurney while Carol opened a drawer embedded in the wall to the right of the station. Carol pulled out a small square package with "Mykelcaine" printed on it as a metal snapping sound came from Kay's direction. Kay held up the remains of the latch that had broken off in her hands. Kay shook her head and slipped on a pair of gloves, then held out a hand to receive the square. Carol gave it to Kay then went back to the drawers for bandages and a brace. Kay ripped open the square and pulled out the wet cloth inside. Taking care not to get any liquid in Erin's eyes, Kay gently rubbed the surface of Erin's nose with the cloth.
"I'm going to try and reduce it. Hold her head." Kay tossed the cloth into a hole in the base the gurney was docked to as Carol put one hand on Erin's forehead and with the other grabbed a handhold on the gurney. Kay grasped Erin's nose and gently turned it back into its natural orientation. Kay removed her hands so Carol could affix the brace to Erin's nose. Kay opened a drawer on her side of the gurney and pulled out another square package, this one with "Wipes" printed on it. Kay ripped it open and finished the cleaning she had started in Erin's pod.
"Carol, could you get me something to wake her up?"
"Ammonia?"
"Let's not go with something that involves the nose."
Carol browsed through the drawer then pulled out another square.
"Adrenaline?"
Kay nodded her head. Carol peeled off the backing from the square, then applied it to Erin's left arm. A few seconds later Erin took a deep breath and opened her eyes. Erin turned her head right and at seeing Kay tried to sit up but was stopped by the straps. Kay undid the straps holding Erin's torso, freeing her to wrap her arms around Kay's torso.
"Kay there was an army guy and he came to my apartment and he hit me with a book and zapped me..."
Clearly unnerved by the sudden contact, Kay held her arms in the air away from Erin.
"Uh...it's...going to be okay?" Kay mouthed "What do I do?" to Carol, who responded by mouthing "Comfort her" while making a hugging motion. Kay looked like someone had suggested she roll around in sewage and mouthed "Fuck no." Carol rolled her eyes then put a hand on Erin's shoulder.
"You're safe here, hun. Ain't no one gonna hurt you in here."
Erin turned her head and looked over her shoulder at Carol, then looked back up at Kay, whose hands were still reaching for the ceiling.
"Is she safe?" Erin said quietly, but not quietly enough for Carol to be unable to hear.  
"Uh, yeah. Carol's safe. She's my assistant."
Carol's disposition soured. "For the foreseeable future, anyway," said Carol as she pulled Erin off Kay and down onto the gurney. Finally free, Kay lowered her arms. "Carol, could I talk with Erin alone for a bit?" 
"Sure. The assistant will just go to her office for a bit." Carol peeled the patch off Erin's arm, then turned herself and pushed off towards a door three gurneys down at the end of the room.  At the door Carol pushed it open then turned back and glared at Kay for an extra second. Carol then pulled herself into the room and closed the door, on it a small hand-made sign that said "Carol Herrin" on one line and "Chief Medical Officer" on the next. Kay shook her head and let out a sigh.
"What's wrong, Kay?"
"It would seem..." Kay stopped as the door opened again, revealing Carol brandishing a marker. Carol pulled off the cap of the marker and went to work on the sign. A few seconds later Carol replaced the cap and slammed the door shut, showing that "Chief Medical Officer" had been crossed out and beneath it written "ASSISTANT."
"It would seem I'm not being careful enough with my words."
"I don't..."
"It doesn't matter. I'll work things out with her later. We have more consequential things to discuss."
"We have what?"
"Why did you run, Erin?"
Erin looked away from Kay, then muttered "I was scared."
"You've been scared since the morning after you signed up. I thought you had worked through it."
"I thought I did, but this morning I woke up and it all came back. I mean, it's just crazy leaving my life, my family, my friend." Erin quickly turned her head to face to Kay and corrected herself. "I meant friends!" After a moment of thought, Erin's disposition soured even further as she continued. "No. It's friend. Since Kalo left, Alyx was the only friend I had that wasn't there just because I was Kalo's girlfriend."
Kay grinned a bit, finally seeing an easy way to comfort Erin. "Well, I'm your friend. So at least you have two."
"Thanks, but I don't want a friend out of pity. I've had enough of that."
Kay's grin became frustrated. "I don't do things out of pity Erin, it's a waste of effort. I know you have a lot of potential in you, which is why I've been so excited to have you come with us. And who knows, maybe Kalo will be waiting for you when we get there."
"He probably doesn't even think about me."

A small speaker in the center of the ceiling emitted a descending chime, followed by a woman's voice. “Good morning, crew and passengers of the Megaptera."
Kay ran her fingers over a screen in the wall above the gurney and the announcement ceased. She then opened a lower drawer on her side of the gurney and pulled out a white rectangle with a hole in the end. "Put your finger in here."
Erin obeyed and was rewarded with a sharp sting to her finger. She quickly withdrew her finger and protested. "What the hell, Kay?"
Kay turned to a flat surface between Erin's and the neighboring gurney and placed the rectangle near the lower right corner. A segmented circle lit up around the rectangle, then began spinning. Several segments broke free from the circle and zipped across the screen, expanding to reveal the results of a blood analysis.
"Is your medication still working?"
"For what it's supposed to. No nightmares, but I haven't been sleeping too well the last week."
"If it continues, I can get you some sleeping pills."
"I'd like some now if you could."
"Sure. I'll ask Carol to get you some by tonight." Kay lifted the rectangle from the screen and the various data flew back into the circle, which then shrunk out of existence. "Erin, I know I just told you Carol's safe, but you need to stay away from her. No check-ups, no conversations, nothing."
Erin responded by looking very confused.  
"Carol knows enough that if she got a look at your blood she'd start asking questions. If she asks the wrong person, they're going to figure out what we're doing. Your trying to run is going to attract enough attention, we don't need any more. I'll talk to her later and make it clear she's to leave you alone, but I'm not entirely sure I can trust her. I'll be staying here in the medical bay, so I should be able to keep an eye on her most of the time."
"You're going to live in here?"

Kay nodded. 
"But where will you keep all your stuff?"
"Most of us on the ship are just like you, Erin, we're leaving behind a life we don't want anymore. There's not much from mine that I wanted to take with me, but what little I did is in my bag." 
Kay pointed to a bag tied to the handles of the gurney at the apex of the room.
"Bunch of notebooks, mostly."
"What's in the notebooks?"
"Notes, shockingly enough. Mostly on your condition." 
Erin pointed at her head.
"My nightmares?"
Kay nodded as another descending tone came from the speaker. The captain's voice again filled the room. "The engine startup sequence has completed and we are going to begin acceleration. The transition should be smooth, but be ready for turbulence just in case." A more synthetic voice took over, counting down from thirty.
"Should I do anything?"
"You're strapped to a bed, you're fine."
Kay pushed herself over to the neighboring gurney and laid herself against it. As she strapped herself in, Carol opened her door and poked her head into the room. 
"Can I come back in now?"
Kay held the handles on the side of her gurney tight. "I don't care."
"Great. I only get an opportunity to do this once in a great while, and I need more room than my office to pull it off."
Erin started to ask what Carol was going to do when the announcing voice hit zero. Carol pushed herself into a drifting forward flip, tucking her legs against her body. Erin felt a building pressure against her chest as Carol started falling toward the floor. Two feet above the ground, Carol extended her legs on a down turn and landed on her feet. In contrast to Erin's open-mouthed smile at what she had just witnessed, Carol looked nauseated. She ran to the nearest station and pulled a plastic bag from an adjoining drawer, then emptied her stomach into the bag.
