Adalyn lightly knocked on the open door to Luke's office. "Commander, can I talk to you?"
Luke looked up from the screen resting on his desk and waved her in. "What's on your mind?"
As Adalyn approached the desk, Luke pointed toward the immediate left of the door. Adalyn stopped and followed the gesture to its target, a small metal chair. She walked over to it and sat down, then looked back to Luke who was waving her toward himself. Adalyn got up and walked back toward the desk as Luke sighed. 
"You can bring the chair over here, Miss Madaas."
Adalyn emitted a soft "ohhhh" and dragged the chair close to the desk. She sat down in the seat and addressed Luke.
"I've given it a few weeks and...I'd like to change rooms, sir."
"Very well." Luke slid his finger over the screen on his desk then tapped his way through several menu items. "Give me your mobile."
Adalyn pulled her mobile from its hip holster and handed it to Luke. Luke placed the mobile on his desk next to his monitor, and then placed his finger on an entry on his screen. He flicked the entry in the general direction of her mobile, which quickly emitted a soft chirp. Luke slid the mobile back across the desk, where Adalyn placed both hands on it to prevent a fall to the floor.
"Fill out that form." 
Adalyn nodded and started working on the form on her mobile. Luke watched her for a few seconds, and then turned his attention back to his screen. Luke and Adalyn tapped their respective screens for awhile before Luke spoke again.
"Why did you decide to transfer?"
"I didn't, I wanted to go to the Alpha Centauri system to study the orbits, but the powers that be decided my talents were better suited for Nineveh."
"Transfer rooms."
Adalyn's eyes widened as she realized her misinterpretation. Her expression then changed to uncomfortable as she replied "But I'm writing that on the form."
"Indulge me, I'd like to discuss it."
"I'd rather not. Would it be okay if you just read the form?"
"Even then I'd have to ask you questions about it later. Let's just get it out of the way."
Adalyn bit her lip, but then relented. "It's her attitude. Erin's constantly complaining about how she's not doing well in training, which is not surprising considering she never does any of the assigned work. As if she's not content to just take herself down, she's constantly bothering me while I'm doing my work so that we can have 'girl time.' Look at this!"
Adalyn held up her left hand, showing her nails to be covered in black paint. Luke became concerned at the sight.
"Fingernail polish is dangerous in closed air systems. She shouldn't have been able to get that on board."
"She didn't! It's industrial paint she stole from one of her sections! This stuff never washes away, I'm having trouble even filing it off!"
Adalyn swapped the hand holding her mobile and held up her right hand, showing her scratched but still mostly black nails framed by reddened skin.
"She makes messes everywhere she goes, too. It's weird, we'll go to bed and when I wake up she's already made a mess of the place."
Adalyn sighed and slumped in her chair.
"Is that all?"
Adalyn smiled a little bit. "She snores."
A small laugh escaped from Luke before he recomposed himself, causing Adalyn to smile wider. 
"There are several free rooms on G ring. You can have room 97, but you'll have to room by yourself. We can find a different roommate eventually, but there's enough rooms set aside for growth that you could probably have your own for the rest of the trip."
Adalyn's face lit up with a smile identical to the one in the picture of her on Luke's screen. 
"That would be awesome, Commander. Not that I'm antisocial or anything, but I really like to be alone."
"That's not an uncommon thing among physicists like yourself. You can move in whenever you feel like, just have that form ready so it doesn't look like I'm just giving you a room. Even though I am."
"This is going to be so awesome! Thank you, thank you, thank you!"  
"Alright then you can go. Oh, would you like me to inform your roommate, or do you want to handle that on your own?"
"I'll tell her myself tomorrow, she'll be asleep by the time I get back to our room."  
"Very well. Off you go, then."
Adalyn nodded then got up and pushed the chair back to its place by the door. On her way out the door she shot a smile and a goodbye wave to Luke before disappearing onto the bridge. Luke retrieved his mobile from the desk. A few buttons later he was looking at Carol, who looked to be reclining in a chair in her office holding the mobile up above her. 
"You have reached Doctor Kay's mobile, Doctor Kay is not currently here. I'm Doctor Kay's assistant, can I take a message for Doctor Kay?"
"Doctor Herrin, where is Doctor Kay?"
"Doctor Kay is on the can, please hold." 
Carol turned the mobile to face the restroom door in the away corner of the office, and then loudly yelled. "Kay!"
From the restroom came a muffled but still loud "What the hell Carol, you scared the shit out of me!"
Carol yelled back "Good thing you're in a room built for it! That Commander dude is calling you on your mobile!"
"What Commander dude?"
"The one you called Commander Dickhead!"
Luke tossed his mobile onto the desk and shook his head. The mobile made some more yelling noises before it emitted Kay's voice. "Commander Zari? Are you there?"
Luke leaned back and looked up at the ceiling. "I'm here."
"I'm so sorry about that, your CMO has no tact."
"I'm calling about Miss Madaas."
"What happened? Is she alright?"
"She's fine; I just wanted to let you know that I'm transferring her to a different room."
"Dammit. I was really hoping they would work out. Where are you moving her to?"
"One of the empty rooms in section 3 of G ring. She seemed happy with the idea of having her own room."
"Isn't your room in that section?"
"It is. That's also where the empty rooms are."
Kay furrowed her brow for a moment, and then switched to a more nonchalant expression.
"Whatever. Has Erin been informed?"  
"No, but Miss Madaas says she'll tell her tomorrow."
Kay nodded. "Alright then. Um...thanks for telling me."
"You're welcome, Doctor." 
Luke tapped his mobile and the Doctor disappeared.

Erin sat on the edge of the roof of her apartment building, looking out across the city. Below her the streets were devoid of any people, save the figure staring at her from across the street. 
"Why do you watch me?"
The figure stared at her from the center of the roof.
"I know you want to kill me, you've done it so many times."
The figure stared at her from the underside of an overhead thunderhead.   
"Why don't we just talk instead?"  
The figure stared at her from across the world.
"Doctor Kay says that I'm probably never going to get rid of you. If that's true I'd rather we be able to talk."
The figure didn't stare at her from anywhere.

Adalyn pushed open the door to her room and entered. The lights brightened up to a soft glow, revealing Erin asleep in the top bunk. Adalyn closed the door, then walked to the right side of the room and placed her mobile on the shelf above a dresser. She had half-unzipped the front of her jumpsuit when she heard a footfall behind her. Adalyn turned around to see Erin, wearing her blue pajamas, standing in the middle of the room. Erin stared intently at the door. 
"Erin are you okay?"
Erin stood unresponsive. Adalyn approached her and moved to place a hand on Erin's shoulder. As Adalyn's hand got near she started to feel a tugging sensation, like someone was yanking on her, and she pulled it back. Adalyn turned back to the shelf and grabbed her mobile. She quickly started tapping her way through the crew directory, but was interrupted by being slammed towards the wall. The shelf hit her throat and she fell to the ground, coughing. Adalyn looked up at Erin who was now focused on her. The mobile chirped from the floor in front of the dresser, then emitted a male voice.
"Hello? Miss Madaas?"
Adalyn grabbed the mobile and held it up above her. She tried to emit a cry for help, but a squeaky cough was all that came out. Adalyn was hit again, throwing her across the room. Her right arm impacted against the top bunk, cracking loudly. Adalyn fell to the ground and lay there, screaming raspily. Erin had moved to the door, her feet dragging behind her. The door had pulled open before her, and she glided out into the corridor. From the right the sound of compressed air being released preceded a pair of spike-tipped wires penetrating Erin's body. Erin doubled over onto the floor, convulsing as Kay, wearing a tank top and sweat pants, walked over to her. After a few seconds Kay took her finger off the gun's trigger and Erin fell still. Kay looked into the room and saw where Adalyn lay watching them. Kay dropped the gun and rushed over to her.
"Are you hurt?"
Adalyn kept looking at Erin's body, speaking between deep breaths.
"Yeah. Arm. Broke."
"Can you walk?"
At Adalyn's nod, Kay grasped her good arm and helped her to her feet. The pair approached and stopped by Erin's body. Kay knelt down and pulled the wire tips from Erin's side, a bit of blood coming out of the fresh holes. She then retrieved the gun and retracted the wires. Kay handed the gun to Adalyn, then grabbed Erin's arm. A few moments later Erin's body was on Kay's back, held there by Erin's arms draping over Kay's shoulders.  Change -Matthew Barbour 2/4/10 2:07 AM Kay struggled to rise to her feet under Erin's weight, wondering aloud "Holy shit, how fast are we going?"
"We're not supposed to hit 2Gs for a few more weeks, can't be more than 1.4 now."
"It was fucking rhetorical." After grunting herself to standing, Kay turned to Adalyn and gestured with her head. "Come on." End change -Matthew Barbour 2/14/10 1:28 AM 

Erin descended the stairs of her apartment building. She looked up and down the street, and then screamed to the absence.
"Is that how it is? I'm such a fucking problem that even my fucking problems leave me?"
Erin turned right and began storming down the street. Along the way she began taunting the wasn't there, yelling out assorted curses and threats. When her presence of mind returned to her location, she had wandered in front of a cafe. Erin placed her left hand on the window and peered inside, looking over the ghostly figures sitting in the various chairs. Two of the figures almost had form, the first a young woman sitting at one of the tables. The second, a young man seeming rather nervous, approached the woman and appeared to be attempting a conversation. Erin clenched her teeth and balled her right hand into a fist. Erin swung at the window.

Luke stepped out of his office onto the bridge. The chair in the center was empty, its owner nowhere to be seen. Luke faced the navigation station.
"The Captain."
"She went to bed, Commander. We'll be reaching the contiguity point in the early A.M., and she wanted to be rested for it. You're in charge."
"No, you are."
The officer nodded his head as Luke approached the ladder 90 degrees counter-clockwise along the wall from his own office. Luke mounted the ladder and climbed down to the level below, a cylindrical room with four evenly spaced doors. On opposite sides of the room were two ladders, each between a pair of the doors.  The ladders went down roughly 6 meters to the next level, a room with the same doors but the ladders in alternate positions from the previous level's. Luke descended for 7 levels, passing two bridge officers on their way to relieve their counterparts, then exited through a door with "< 3 G 4 >" printed above it. The door opened into a tunnel that continued out for several dozen meters, ending in a hatch attached to the level's ring. After exiting the hatch, Luke turned left and started walking. Twenty-something doors along his mobile started beeping and he pulled it from its holster. The screen displayed a picture of Adalyn, which Luke tapped. The screen then showed the ceiling of one of the quarters on the ship.
"Hello? Miss Madaas?"
There was a shuffling noise, then the view rotated around to show Adalyn, her jumpsuit unzipped and her neck red. Adalyn tried to say something, but she seemed to be having trouble vocalizing. Suddenly she disappeared as the view shifted, showing a wall rapidly approaching. A half-second later the screen went black, followed by a red x. Luke stopped walking and stared at the screen momentarily before calling up the ship directory. He held his thumb over Carol's entry for a few seconds before closing the directory and running back down the corridor.

Adalyn lay in the medical bay gurney as Kay applied an anesthesia patch to her arm. Kay then retrieved her mobile from next to the gun on the screen surface adjacent the bed and showed it to Adalyn. The mobile showed a spinning representation of the break, and Kay pointed to a bit of red inside the break.
"After it soaks down to the hematoma I'll reduce the break."
Adalyn nodded and continued watching Erin, who at Adalyn's request had been laid in the gurney on the opposite side of the medical bay. Kay sat down on the adjacent gurney and followed Adalyn's gaze.
"It wasn't intentional, Adalyn." 
"So she's just crazy."
"No, not crazy, she's just got something inside of her that's fucking her up."
"What, some kind of chemical imbalance?"
Kay shook her head. "No, what she has is a bit more unique to her."
"Then what?"
Kay silently weighed her options before deciding her response.
"It's something alive."
Adalyn looked confused. "Is it a parasite or something?"
"We don't know for sure. It seems once it's in it makes itself indistinguishable from the host, at least as far as our equipment is concerned. Just about the only thing I can say with any confidence is that it's like nothing from our biosphere."
Adalyn took a moment to absorb the conclusion.
"That's sorta cool."
Kay nodded with a smile. "Yeah, it is." 
"So what does it do? Is going bat-shit on the roommate a standard thing?" 
Kay chuckled then replied rather enthusiastically. "Potentially, yes. It starts out with the subject having nightmares of being brutally assaulted, and as time goes on the subjects become emotionally unstable. Some became violent, but the majority of the subjects we monitored killed themselves within a few months. I'm convinced it's because we were stopping them from getting to Nineveh."
"Why would going there make a difference?"
"Because they want to. Almost every subject we've discovered came to us at a recruiting center wanting to go to Nineveh. It seemed like a bad idea to let them go without finding out why, so the company won't allow it until we do."
Adalyn gestured across the bay toward Erin. "Then how is Erin here?"
"I...lost one too many of them. Afterwards I decided that I would go to Nineveh and find out if there's actually anything there. The higher-ups didn't think it wise to lose the project's lead researcher for such a long time, but the fact that I was the only qualified person willing to go left them with little option. I gradually turned over most of my responsibilities to my staff, eventually just performing psych evals at a local recruitment center. About nine months ago a young man came in, and I saw all the signs of the condition. When I thought of what was waiting for him..."
Kay looked distraught from the idea, but continued.
"I falsified his scans, and he left on the ship before this one. I would've been with him on it, but it reached capacity. My project doesn't have a pressing timetable, so I got bumped to this ship. Turned out to be a blessing, I would have missed Erin otherwise."
Kay waved her hand toward Erin.
"She's something special though, even among the subjects I've studied. She seems to have had the condition for longer than any other I've studied, years in fact. Despite that, her drive to go to Nineveh fluctuates erratically. It's going to be very interesting to see what happens when she reaches there."
 "What do you think is there?"
"Personally, I'm rooting for a first contact scenario."
Adalyn's eyes widened at the thought. "Oh, that would be really cool."
Kay's mobile beeped, and she stood up from the gurney. She approached Adalyn's right side and gripped her upper arm with both hands.
"Ready?"
Adalyn closed her eyes and nodded. Kay felt around a third down from Adalyn's shoulder, and then applied pressure with her right hand to the middle of the bone. Adalyn felt a grinding in her arm until Kay stopped pressing on it.
"All right I think that's back in place. Let's get another scan to make sure."
Kay approached the screen surface to the left of the gurney and tapped a button that looked like a body with circling arrows over it. The gurney station made a loud pop followed by a slowing mechanical whir. Kay dragged the image of Adalyn's skeleton on the screen to focus on the break, which now appeared cleanly aligned. Kay began perusing the drawers in the wall before her when Adalyn spoke up.
"I can't tell anyone about this, can I?"
Kay shook her head. "I would prefer you didn't."
"Then why tell me?"
"I figured explaining would be the surest way to keep you quiet, that if you understood the gravity of the situation you'd be smart enough to keep your mouth shut."
"And if I'm not?"
"Then you'll have Erin's eventual death on your hands. I'll also grind your skull into paste and chuck you into the reactor."
Adalyn's eyes widened at the mental image. Kay noticed Adalyn's silence and attempted to assuage her.
"I'm sorry, I didn't mean that. It's just...it would seem I'm a bit defensive toward anyone that might threaten Erin's survival."
Adalyn still felt nervous, but she relaxed enough to ask another question.
"But what if she does it again?" 
"We found a concoction of neuroleptics that was able to provide some relief. It wasn't effective in the long-term, and Erin has been taking it since we began meeting planetside. I was hoping that it would last longer; I can only hope larger doses will be able to suppress it until we make it to Nineveh. If it doesn't, I might have to sedate her for the rest of the trip." 
"Electrocution seems to disable her just fine." Adalyn furrowed her brow. "Which of course raises the question of how you happened to be right outside our room tonight."  
"The reason the drugs don't stay effective is because whatever is in her seems to be able to eventually start negating it. We noticed that when the subjects would start behaving erratically, the amount of the drugs in their blood would decline. Erin's bracelet watches the drugs and sends the data to my mobile, which in turn can warn me." 
Kay found a long strip of plastic in one of the drawers and started wrapping it around Adalyn's arm. Satisfied with its placement and tensity, Kay grabbed a small patch from the same drawer and applied it to the plastic. The plastic stiffened in place and Kay tapped the surface, producing a comforting clunk.
"That patch will last about a month, be sure to let me check it by then."
Adalyn nodded as the door to the corridor opened, producing Luke from its opening. He looked at Erin sleeping, then over at Kay and Adalyn.
"What the hell's going on?"
Kay crossed her arms and glared at Luke. "What do you want, Commander."
Luke adopted a cross expression and was about to speak his mind when Adalyn intercepted the conversation.
"I tried to call Luke when I fell in my quarters. I'm fine, just a little broken arm, see?" Adalyn wiggled her arm. "Thanks for the concern, it's really sweet."
Luke furrowed his brow. "There are spots of blood on the floor outside your room."
"Ummm..." Adalyn looked to Kay. 
Kay took back the conversation. "That was me. I'm having heavy menstrual flow." 
Adalyn and Luke were both shocked by the statement. Luke eventually regained enough composure to utter an unintended "What?", but Kay cemented the awkwardness of the situation. 
"Yes, the blood came out of my vagina, can we please drop it."
Luke, mouth slightly agape, nodded slowly before speaking again. "Okay. I'm, uh, gonna go now."
Luke pivoted and walked out the door, closing it behind him. After the sound of his footsteps subsided Adalyn burst into laughter.
"That was amazing."
"Show him to put his nose in my fucking business."
"Still, I can't believe you came up with that."
"It wasn't hard; I was leaking like a motherfucker yesterday."
Adalyn's laughter slowed to an awkward chuckle, then an uncomfortable silence. 
"I should get to bed. I'm going to just go ahead and...leave." 
Adalyn stood up from the gurney and walked toward the door, but stopped after pulling it open.
"Look, I was planning on moving to a different room tomorrow, but considering what's happened..."
Kay waved her hand dismissively.
"Don't worry about it. I'm probably going to have Erin move in here with me so I can keep an eye on her. I won't make you suffer any more for our sake. Enjoy your new room."
Adalyn smiled, telling Kay "Thanks." Adalyn exited through the door, giving Kay a little wave on the way out. Kay let out a disappointed sigh, and then laid down on one of the gurneys.  

Erin sat on the sidewalk in front of the cafe, pulling a bit of glass from her knuckle. The figure watched her from the restaurant across the street.
"The fuck you looking at?"
The figure looked up. Erin looked up. The power line came down.