Adalyn, gasping for breath, dropped her bag on the floor of her new room. She moved to the bunk and lay down on the bottom bed. "So worth it."

Samantha sat on the bridge looking at the projection of the ship's location relative to the star system. The view showed the ship close to the marked point beneath the orbital plane. Luke stood behind her as he turned to address the sensor officer.
"Query the beacon."
The sensor officer worked at his screen before presenting a response.
"The beacon reports that the point is safe to open. We will be at the projected event horizon in thirty-four minutes and thirty seconds. The tunnel is expected to remain stable for seven minutes and twenty-eight-point-six seconds. Transit time should only be three minutes and twelve seconds."
Luke sighed. "Nothing compared to the eighteen months until the next point."

Kay was awaken by Erin's scream from across the medical bay. Erin was on the floor next to the gurney she had been laying on, sweeping the room with her eyes. Kay jumped off her own gurney and rushed across the room. There she helped Erin back onto the gurney, laying her down. 
"I think the nightmares are coming back, Kay."
Kay furrowed her brow. "Did he kill you again?"
Erin nodded.
"Dammit. Wait here."
Kay walked back across the room to the office door and stepped inside. She emerged a short time later, carrying a small pill bottle in her right hand. As Kay returned across the room, she pressed down and twisted off the top of the bottle. She opened her left hand and poured three orange pills from the bottle. Kay stopped by the side of Erin's gurney and held out the pills. Erin looked puzzled.
"I thought I only took one at a time?"
Kay shook her head. "One isn't going to work anymore."
"But I..."
"Just take the damn pills, Erin."
Erin looked at the pills then sat up and held out her left hand. Kay tilted her hand and the pills tumbled down into the palm of Erin's hand. Kay replaced the lid on the bottle and placed it on the screen surface next to the gurney. She then pulled a small bottle of water from the pocket of her sweat pants, which she handed to Erin. Erin popped the pills in her mouth, then twisted the bottle open and took a large drink. She slid back on the gurney, resting her back on the wall behind the head of the gurney. 
"So. Why am I in the Medical Bay?"
Kay had sat down on the adjacent gurney while Erin medicated herself. She was silent for a few moments, clearly deep in thought, but then produced a reply.
"You were...yelling in your sleep. Adalyn called me and I figured it'd be better to bring you down here than to let you continue disturbing her sleep."
Erin looked discouraged. "I've been really trying to get on her good side. This is going to set me back to crazy."
"She doesn't think you're crazy. But, in light of what you've told me, I think it'd be best if you started staying here in the medical bay with me."
Erin looked a bit sad. "You really think so?"
Kay nodded. "I do, at least until we're sure your nightmares aren't going to continue being a problem."
Erin, still looking sad, nodded in agreement. A second later, Erin blurted out "Oh! Kay, the guy went away for a bit!"
Kay's attention perked up.
"What? Where did he go?"
"I don't know. He was watching me, and then he wasn't. I walked around looking for him, but he eventually just showed up again somewhere else."
"It can't be a coincidence..."
"You think that's why I was screaming?"
Kay looked confused for a moment, before remembering her deception. "Yeah, the screaming."
"That makes sense. While he was gone, I started getting really angry."
Kay's expression shifted to worry.
"What were you angry at?"
"I just felt so...alone. It made me angry. I felt abandoned."
Kay stood up from the gurney and started rummaging through one of the medical drawers. 
"I think you should go back to sleep. I want to see if the increased dose will have an effect."
"I'm not sure I can, this all has me a little frazzled."
Kay closed the drawer and turned to her, handing Erin a small patch.
"This will put you out. It's for the best." 
Erin hesitantly reached out her hand for the patch.
"If you're sure."
Kay nodded. "I am."
Erin took the patch and applied it to her neck, then rested her chin on her chest. Kay placed her right hand on the back of Erin's neck, and together with her left hand on Erin's torso slid her down into a lying position. Kay pulled a blanket from one of the alcoves beneath the gurney, and then covered Erin with it. She then walked over to the gurney at the apex of the room's curve and retrieved her bag from the shelf above. 
Kay placed the bag on the screen surface next to the gurney beneath the shelf and unzipped it. Inside were six plastic tablet computers, from which she extracted one. Kay sat on the head of the gurney and leaned against the wall. She took the tablet, labeled "Erin Sirge," and ran her thumb over a small silver slit on the right side of the cover. The tablet clicked, opening up slightly along the right edge but remaining fixed on the left edge. Kay opened the tablet wide, revealing a screen on each half. The right screen displayed the same name as the cover accompanied by a picture of Erin smiling. 
Kay placed her finger in the upper-right of the right screen, causing a list of documents to slide into view. She slid her finger down to "New Document" and released. Kay rotated and placed the tablet so the right screen was now flat on her lap, then adjusted the left screen, now the top. Kay placed her fingers on the lower screen and the glowing outline of a keyboard appeared. Kay began typing her thoughts and worries into the tablet. Her writing was characterized by terms such as "degrading", "progressive" and "similar". At the end of the document she recorded its author, "Dr. Karen Kay"
Kay closed the tablet and placed it back in the bag. She pulled the bag over onto her lap then browsed the contents. Finding the tablet she desired, she pulled it out and returned the bag to the screen surface. Kay opened the new tablet, and opened the first document by date. The document contained a picture of a young girl no more than eight followed by some text. Kay tapped the picture and it started moving. A woman's voice came from the tablet.
"Have you ever asked the girl what she wants?"
In the video the girl was sitting at a table, where she was drawing with crayons. The girl didn't look up from her work as she nodded and replied.
"Yeah. She won't tell me."
"What do you think she wants?"
"I think she wants me to go away."
"Why do you think that?"
"I don't think she likes me." The girl slid the drawing she had been working on toward the camera. The view shifted and a hand appeared, rotating the drawing so it lined up with the camera picture. The drawing showed a stick person with long hair standing over another stick figure lying on the ground with similarly long hair; the only feature distinguishing them being the latter's limbs drawn separate from its body. The girl pointed at what looked like a solid mass of color comprising two-thirds of the background.
"I ran out of red for the floor."
Kay placed a finger on the video, pausing it. With another finger she switched to the last document. A picture of a hospital hallway accompanied this document. Kay tapped it, setting it into motion. Several people could be heard running, only one of which could actually be seen.  A woman wearing a lab coat fled the camera as an off-screen voice demanded that she stop. The woman raised her right hand, middle finger proudly displayed. The woman eventually turned and slammed open a door, revealing the room from the prior video. Inside, the same little girl was sitting hugging her legs in the center of the room. The woman knelt down next to the girl. 
"Sara, baby, what's wrong?"
The little girl looked up at the woman, her face full of rage. The girl screamed.
"SHE'S GONE!"
The girl sprung up at the woman, digging her teeth deep into the woman's neck. The woman fell on her back, shrieking for help as blood began staining her coat. Kay closed her eyes before the gunshot sounded. The woman could be heard screaming in protest as Kay closed the tablet, cutting off the sounds. Kay slid down to lay in the gurney, then reached over to the screen surface next to the gurney and tapped a button. The lights faded as she cradled the tablet labeled "Sara Kay."

Erin sat in the cafe, looking at the broken window. The figure stood outside, across the street.
"I'm so sick of this shit. What the hell did I ever do to you?"
To Erin's surprise, the figure began approaching the cafe. Erin scrambled from her seat and took cover behind the counter at the back of the room as the figure entered the door. She watched the figure's sneaker-clad feet as it walked over to the table Erin had been seated at and sat down in the opposite seat. Erin cautiously came out from behind the counter and approached the table. As she stood by her seat, Erin was shocked by the figure generating a female voice. 
"At first I figured that if I got rid of you, I'd get it back. Then all I wanted was to make you suffer."
 
"We are now ten minutes from the projected horizon, ma'am. The BAFHIS missile is prepped for..."  The navigation officer trailed off, his attention captured by his screen.
Samantha looked over to the officer.
"What is it?"
"We deviated off our course by a millionth of a degree. I've already corrected it."
"What was the cause?"
"I think we hit a gravity pocket from the point."
Samantha looked concerned. "Those aren't supposed to appear until the missile detonates."
"I know, ma'am, but it's the only explanation I have. It might be a remnant from the last ship's tunnel."
Samantha motioned Luke to go check the sensor officer's screen. Luke complied and reported his analysis. "I think he's right. It looks like it was inside the ship, in section 3 of C ring. There are 2 mobiles there, Doctor Kay and Miss Sirge."
Luke took out his mobile and attempted to raise either of the women. Several seconds later, Luke shook his head at Samantha. Samantha turned her attention back to the projections. "Go check it."
Luke nodded and departed the bridge.

Erin sat back down in her seat, looking at the figure's feminine hands.
"Then why did you stop?"
The figure spoke again, the voice almost familiar.
"I couldn't hurt you anymore. So I started exploring. I found something you forgot, and I used it to get out." The figure's voice sounded as if she was about to begin crying as she explained "But it didn't work."

"Give me an external view from the front."
A large square appeared behind the ship in the project, with a small line connecting the box to a point near the tip of the ship. The view showed an empty star field as the sensor officer began offering a countdown. "BAFHIS missile detonating in three...two...one."
The view exploded with light, gradually dimming to show a bright white ring containing a black circle.
"The fucking hole in space has been blown." The sensor officer's comment garnered a chuckle from several of the bridge officers, but only drew a condemning glare from Samantha. The sensor officer's smile faded away as he announced "Ten seconds until we cross the horizon."
Samantha looked back to the projection, the ring slowly growing as a small white dot at the center began consuming the black circle. The white dot expanded to reveal a swirling vortex of light, seeming to stretch on to infinity. As the outer edge of the vortex neared the inner edge of the ring, the navigation officer announced that they had crossed the horizon. The ring expanded beyond the view of the camera, leaving only the vortex. Samantha let out silent sigh.
"How's the exotic matter density."
The sensor officer studied his screens then reported. "It looks good, but the computer is now estimating stability for only five minutes and two seconds. Still more than enough time."

The figure's voice was now breaking with sorrow. "I wasn't me out there. I was so scared." The figure quickly rose from her seat, prompting Erin to jump out of her own defensively.  The figure continued, sounding determined through the sadness. "I can't live as this...monster you've made me."
Erin backed off, putting another table between the two of them. "What the fuck are you talking about?"
The figure gestured toward herself, demanding "Just look at me!"

Immediately upon entering the medical bay, Luke heard a beeping noise to his right. Following the sound, he found a mobile laying on the far-right gurney. The screen was displaying some kind of warning, but Luke didn't understand what it was warning of. After Luke silenced the warning and placed it back on the gurney, he heard a gurgling cough from behind him. He turned around and saw Erin lying on her back on the far gurney, a bit of vomit trickling out of her mouth. Luke ran over to her and turned her onto her side. He pressed his ear against her back and listened for a few seconds before Erin vomited again, startling him back a step. He stepped around to her front, bringing the vomit dripping from the gurney into view. Luke watched as each successive drop took longer and longer to reach the floor. As he stood, Luke felt himself being pulled toward Erin. He staggered back and retreated halfway across the room.

Erin focused on the table in front of the figure as the figure reinforced her demand. 
"Look at ME!"
Erin's eyes panned up over the teenage girl, past her blue jeans and flower print t-shirt, finally locking with her tear-stained eyes. Erin's legs became weak, falling to her knees as she tried to catch her arm on the table. The girl approached and knelt down in front of her as Erin remembered herself in her tormentor's eyes. 
"Please, don't do this to me."
The girl's expression shifted from sad to offended as she shot an accusing finger at Erin. "Don't you fucking dare. You're the intruder here." 

Luke spotted Kay in her gurney and rushed over to her. He shook her rather aggressively as he yelled "Doctor Kay, please wake up."
Kay stirred, dropping the tablet she was holding. Kay became more attentive when she saw the tablet slide off the gurney and fall onto the floor. She scrambled off the gurney, grabbing the tablet as her bag slid off the screen surface. Kay leaned to grab the bag, but was pulled forward onto the ground. Grasping the tablet she had, Kay got to her feet and ran to the far end of the room where Luke had already stationed himself by the office door. Across the room, several of the drawers by Erin's gurney had pulled open, their contents audibly rattling. Kay threw her body over the gurney nearest her and quickly made her way through the adjoining screen surface's menus. The drawers by Erin's gurney slid closed, and then they and the rest of the drawers around the room individually emitted a soft click that collectively sounded like an impacting sledgehammer. Luke shot Kay a confused look. "The hell was that?"
Kay grabbed the gun that was resting on the screen, then pulled herself back off the gurney. "The company is very concerned about theft of medical supplies."
Luke's expression got more confused as his mobile beeped.

Adalyn felt the ship rumble as she was placing her clothes into her new dresser. She pulled her mobile from its hip holster and accessed the ship's status.

"Captain, we're drifting again."
Samantha turned her attention to the navigation officer. "How much."
"Seven-point-eight degrees. I've already turned the ship to accommodate."
Samantha addressed the sensor officer. "Is it another gravity pocket?"
"It looks so, ma'am, but this one is much bigger than before. It also seems to be travelling along with us, in the same section of the ship as the last pocket."
"Raise Luke."
A small square appeared beside the projected ship, a line connecting it to the third ring from the front of the ship. A second later Luke appeared in the box.
"It's still happening here, Captain." The view in the box spun around to show Erin in her gurney, a bag sliding along the floor toward her and a puddle of something on the floor dripping up at her.
"Miss Sirge appears to be near the center of it. Doctor Kay and I are fine, but I don't think we're going to be able get to Miss Sirge."
In the background Kay could be heard protesting. "The fuck are you saying, we've got to get her! Whoa!"
The view moved forward, looking like Luke had stumbled.
The sensor officer spoke up. "Ma'am, it's getting stronger."
"Luke, get you and the Doctor out of there. I hate to say it, but the young woman is going to have to be left to chance."
Luke nodded sternly and replied "I understand."
The view flashed a red X and disappeared as the sensor officer spoke again.
"Captain, if it keeps growing we're going to crash into the tunnel wall."
Samantha looked at the sensor officer.
"Escape pods?"
The sensor officer shook his head and explained.
"With the gravity well dragging them down, the pods wouldn't make it out before the tunnel collapsed."
Samantha turned and scowled at the projection.
"Tell everyone to secure themselves."

"Fuck you, no!"
Against Kay's protests Luke dragged her by the arm into the office, closing and sealing the metal door behind them. Luke forced Kay down to the ground against the door, and then addressed her with the most menacing demeanor she had ever seen. "Stay. Here."
Luke positioned himself against the wall next to the door, taking care to note the position of any furniture in the room. Kay, already feeling herself being pulled against the door, rose up to peer through the door's window. The room looked like everything loose had settled near Erin until Kay spotted the gurney, three from her end. It had come loose from its station and was now only one latch away from flying free. 
"Luke, there's a gurney about to fall on her, we've got to do something."
Luke steeled his expression, shaking his head. Frustrated, Kay reached for the door's lever, but Luke grabbed the lever before she even touched it. Kay vainly struggled against Luke's grasp for a few seconds before ceding the lever and returning to the window. Half a minute later Kay watched helplessly as the gurney broke free and plummeted to Erin.

Adalyn lay in her new bed, her new straps holding her down. To her amazement she started feeling lighter as she heard groaning metal from far away in the ship. Adalyn was suddenly pressed against her bed straps just before her new room filled with darkness.

Erin could feel her eyes starting to water as she replied. "'I know. If I had..." Erin paused as justification failed to aid her. "I'm so sorry."
The girl moved her face closer to Erin's. "I don't want a fucking apology, I want my life back."
Erin shook her head. "I can't. We'll both die."
The girl's brow furrowed in disappointment. Erin finally broke eye contact as the girl rose and walked over to the broken window. The girl lightly ran her fingers over the broken glass as Erin stared into the floor. After a moment Erin looked up at the girl, watching her play with the shards. The girl looked as though she was mourning the destruction of the window, the cafe holding some emotional significance. Erin's sorrow faded to indignance at the sight, her anger bringing out an urge she had long thought sated.
"This was only three years ago."
The girl turned to see Erin had regained her footing, but more importantly to see the metal chair Erin had thrown at her. The girl raised her arms before the chair impacted with her, setting her off-balance. Erin rushed the girl during the distraction, pushing her back onto the broken glass protruding from the base of the window. The girl's eyes went wide as she screamed, a shard of glass burying itself in her lower back. Erin quickly grasped the girl's left side and slid her body to the right, breaking through several more shards of glass. Erin grabbed the girl's shirt, pulled her up and tossed her front-down over the seat of the prone chair. Several slashes ran along the back of the girl's shirt, exposing corresponding gashes in her abdomen as well as an embedded piece of glass. Erin jabbed a thumb at herself and growled through her teeth.
"This is mine."
The girl pushed herself off the chair, landing on the floor. She then tried to rise, pushing herself up with her hands, but was grounded again by Erin digging her fingers into the gash containing the glass. Accompanied by the girl's shriek of pain, Erin yanked out the glass. Blood poured from her wounds as the girl wet the floor with her tears. Erin beheld the glass and the blood that covered both the shard and her hand. 
"I'd..."
Erin kneeled down on one knee, jabbing her kneecap into the deep gash that had contained the glass. The girl's scream crackled out to a hiss of air as Erin grabbed the girl's right arm, twisting it behind her back. Erin pressed the edge of the glass against the girl's wrist. Defying the girl's whispers of "please," Erin sliced deep into the flesh, cutting her wrist laterally wide open. Erin tossed the arm to the ground, blood flowing from the wound. The girl silently sobbed into the linoleum as Erin repeated her actions on the other arm. Erin grabbed the girl's left shoulder and flipped her onto her back, then straddled her stomach. Erin looked into the girl's terrified eyes, then leaned down to her ear and whispered softly. 
"I'd forgotten how much you bleed."
Erin placed her hand over the girl's mouth, tilting up the girl's head. Erin moved the glass into place on the girl's neck as the girl raised her arms. The girl tried to grab Erin's wrists, but her hands wouldn't close, ultimately only further staining their clothes red. Erin pressed down, pushing the glass into the girl's neck. Erin slid the glass across as the girl's breath began crackling, bubbles of blood popping through Erin's handiwork. Satisfied, Erin tossed the glass onto the floor. She looked toward the cafe's glass door and saw herself reflected, a splatter-painted crimson goddess riding the embodiment of suffering. Erin smiled that damn sweet smile.

Kay was hurled across the office, hitting the wall opposite the door and falling to the floor. Luke followed a similar trajectory, but despite his planning he hit the desk bolted to the middle of the floor. When Kay regained her senses she looked up to see a gurney protruding through the wall between them and the medical bay. Kay jumped to her feet and ran a few steps before stumbling down onto her hands and knees. She regained her footing and traversed the rest of the distance to the door at a more manageable pace. Behind her she heard Luke's mobile emit Samantha's voice.
"Luke, are you alive?"
Kay grasped the door's lever with both her hands and struggled to open it as she heard Luke reply "For now. How are we doing?"
"For the most part we're okay, but we're hemorrhaging air in your area." Samantha paused a beat before continuing. "Luke, section 3 of G ring grazed the wall...it looks like Madaas was down there."
The color drained from Luke's face as the lever finally slipped, allowing Kay to pull the door open. She looked out into the medical bay and saw Erin sitting up on the gurney, peeling the patch off her neck. Kay looked over the room, and while the area around Erin seemed relatively intact, Kay's half of the room looked like it had been rammed by a bulldozer. Over the light hiss of escaping air, Kay heard Erin laugh. Erin had grasped the bottom of her pajama top, stretching it out so she could view its surface. "I'm covered in vomit, Kay."
Kay regarded Erin with caution. "Are you okay?" 
Erin stood up from the gurney and nodded. "Yeah. All considered, I think I'm doing pretty good."
Kay relaxed, but only slightly. "How do you mean that?"
"You could say I did some soul searching...well, more like soul sorting."
"I don't understand."
As Erin began approaching her, Kay pulled the gun from where she had lodged it in the belt of her sweat pants. Erin raised her hands toward Kay, fingers outstretched. "No, it's all right, Kay. I'm not going to try anything. Not just when everything is starting to make sense."
Kay eyed Erin suspiciously. "What happened, Erin?"
Erin shook her head. "Nothing happened. I just...remember more than I did."
"You mean memories, or what?"
"Yes, but so much more." Erin smiled. "I remember what my purpose is."



Non-Canon Epilogue! (Cue guitar solo)
Erin cuts Kay up into little bits and uses them together with macaroni to create a collage during therapy. Luke asks one too many questions and Erin puts his head through the hull. Erin eventually arrives at Nineveh and rules over it as goddess supreme with Adalyn as her all-seeing right hand man. Samantha continues to sit disaffected on the ship's bridge. Alyx lives the rest of her life not knowing what happened, and eventually kills Jim for leaving the seat up once too often. Alyx is later acquitted, the jury deciding "it was self-defense, but even if it wasn't, she was justified". The recruiter dies of a heart attack when a bunch of teenage girls show up, having made a pact to all leave the Earth by the time they graduated high school. The mute police officer continues his quest to defuse messy breakups, eventually retiring to live with his deaf wife somewhere in Rhode Island, but not that Rhode Island. The book that broke Erin's nose becomes legendary as the only object that can defeat her, culminating in Kalo attempting to slay her with it. This attempt fails, as it is a stupid idea, and Kalo spends the rest of his days trying to stop hitting himself.

Canon Epilogue! (This is where I hook you for the sequel)

Adalyn lay on her new floor, slowly covering it with saliva from her agape mouth. Several minutes later she blinked and began shrieking, terror dominating her expression. Adalyn continued her signal for several minutes before a repair crew successfully broke open her door. Upon seeing them, Adalyn ceased her outcry and scrambled to the man that had entered her room. She clawed at his fire-retardant suit as she tried to speak to him with her rapidly repeated stating of "I saw." 
The man eventually yelled loud enough for her to hear his query of "Saw what?" 
The fear in her eyes was paradoxically joined by Adalyn's excited response. "I think it was everything."


Arrogate

Verb
to arrogate (third-person singular simple present arrogates, present participle arrogating, simple past and past participle arrogated)
(transitive) To appropriate or lay claim to something for oneself without right.

-Wiktionary