BE FUNNY. DO IT.

Setting
Colony on a planet about...there
Like Mars but let's say it's...greenish-blue
An enclosed environment, not a dome but something similar
A pocket of air held in place by something like surface tension - can reform around punctures
Expands the more air is produced - will eventually pop but by then there will be enough airs
At the edge of the surface are atmosphere converters on treads - also act as a way to get out of the "dome" without popping it
An enclosed structure at the center, used to be the base before the "dome"
Terraforming the surface is a main effort but now that there's an atmosphere just preparing for colonization is a large thing

Character list
Main girl - name undecided
Occupation undecided
Twenty something
Unmotivated to the point of lethargy
British
Torture girl
Who is she? The world may never know!
Kalo
It's MAX! Get it?
Main girl's boyfriend.
Frustrated by her lack of motivation in life.
Just ask yourself: what would Max do? Or just ask Max what he would do.

Epilogue
She's being interrogated. Ssshhhh!
Keep blurry, communicate the lack of perception she feels
She actually is ?

Chapter 1
Girl awakens - is it the same girl? was it a dream? a flash-forward?
crawls to bathroom, starts a bath
Finishes her morning ritual, gives a good opportunity to describe what she looks like
She has black hair, long enough to reach the small of her back
Missing half her right eyebrow from ? - have her cover it with makeup
About 4' 5"
Body type like kitty pryde, flatish with a few curves
Dresses and goes out to meet her boyfriend whom is mixam
They have a conversation wherein Max tell her that she is breaking up with her and is going to join the colonization effort
She wanders off in a destroyed life haze, assaulted by memories of her laziness causing her to be left behind
Long story short she decides to join the colonization effort

Chapter 2
Boot camp for colonists!
Hilarity ensues

Chapter 3
Her fairy god parents decide to send her to the end of the world so she can learn the true meaning of concrete
END CHAPTER
How does it end?
I DON'T KNOW!